CASMINST-55245 - change references to csm versions again in release 1… (#2889)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_2.md

   See [Configure the Cray Command Line Interface](../../operations/configure_cray_cli.md) for details on how to do this.

> 1. Set the `CSM_RELEASE` variable to the **target** CSM version of this upgrade. Be sure you have the `CSM_RELEASE` version set appropriately for the version of CSM 1.2.x you are upgrading to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the `CSM_RELEASE` variable to the **target** CSM version of this upgrade.

   > The following command is just an example. Be sure to set the appropriate `CSM_RELEASE` version for the upgrade being performed.
```
